#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via djoser
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.0
    # via djoser
djoser==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.26.5
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via jsonschema
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via djoser
social-auth-core==4.5.1
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
